“If you want to get a life that is worth living, a life that expresses your deepest feelings and emotions and cares and dreams, you have to fight for it”.
A mistake repeated more than once is a decision.
Progress demands sacrifice.
Drop by drop, we make the ocean.
Fall down, get up, fall down, get up, fall down, get up, fall down, get up, fall down, get up, fall down, get up, fall down, get up, stay up, help others.
You will be 1 in a million, literally.
Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.
We gain the strength of the tempation we resist.
If I quit now, I will soon be back to where I started. And when I started, I was desperately wishing to be where I am now.
It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
The obstacle is the path.
The only way out, is through.
What would you do, if you knew you could not fail?
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.
Be stronger than your excuse.
It's when you start to get tired that the battle really begins.
Confidence is not, "they will like me". Confidence is, "I'll be fine if they don't."
Do it for the people who want to see you fail.
Don't give up what you want most, for what you want now.
I can't control who I am, but I can control the zero. Fuck the zero.
The temptation to quit will be greatest just before you are about to succeed.
"I don't jerk off", feels real good to say.
Don't fap by yourself, let others do it for you.
If you ever find yourself in a hole, the first thing you do is stop digging.
It always seems impossible, until it's done.
The wolf you feed speech.
When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside can do you no harm.
Sometimes the chains that bind us are not physical, but mental.
You didn't come this far, to only come this far.
If you build it, they will come.
An addict who overcomes addiction is capable of accomplishing anything.
The comeback must always be greater than the setback.
One day or day one, you decide.
If you are tired of starting over, stop giving up.
"You may delay, but time will not" - Benjamin Franklin

